treewide: remove nrf_cloud_logging (#28870)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Removed all nRF Cloud REST samples as the nRF Cloud REST library has been removed.

> * Remove usage of nRF Cloud logging in samples since the feature is being sunset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed:
 
  * All nRF Cloud REST samples as the nRF Cloud REST library has been removed.
  * Usage of nRF Cloud logging in samples as the feature is being sunset.
```

    `Memfault's Trace Events <Memfault: Error Tracking with Trace Events_>`_ feature replaces the Alerts feature, as it provides equivalent functionality for event reporting, and it also adds enhanced debugging capabilities that were not available with Alerts.
  * The nRF Cloud REST library.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
